Added new terms for the API Documentation (#209)
camaraproject/WorkingGroups: Commonalities/documentation/Glossary.md

# Glossary

| Term      | Description | Usage in API (Parameter/Field) | Alternative developer-friendly terms |
| ------------ | ----------- | ----------- |  ----------- |

> | **Device** | End-user equipment able to connect to a mobile network. Examples of devices include smartphones or IoT sensors/actuators.   | device |  |  |

Reviewer: Proposal to omit "mobile" from the definition. We have already interest to use e.g. QualityOnDemand also in fixed networks and also APIs which are addressed especially devices in fixed networks, like https://github.com/camaraproject/HomeDevicesQoD 

```suggestion
| **Device** | End-user equipment able to connect to a network. Examples of devices include smartphones, home gateways or IoT sensors/actuators.   | device |  |  |
```

| **Application Server** | A server hosting backend applications to deliver some business logic to clients. | applicationServer |  |  |
| **Phone Number** |A public identifier addressing a telephone subscription. In mobile networks it corresponds to the MSISDN (Mobile Station International Subscriber Directory Number). In order to be globally unique it has to be formatted in international format, according to E.164 standard.  | phoneNumber |  |  |

> | **Network Access Identifier** |  A public identifier addressing a subscription in a mobile network. In 3GPP terminology, it corresponds to the GPSI formatted with the External Identifier ({Local Identifier}@{Domain Identifier}). Unlike the telephone number, the network access identifier is not subjected to portability ruling in force, and is individually managed by each operator.| networkAccessIdentifier  |  |  |

Reviewer: Network Access Identifier (NAI) is actually an IETF standard (latest: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc7542/, previous https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc4282) and also used in fixed networks (e.g. with RADIUS). 3GPP TS 23.003 is referring to the RFC 4282. Therefore I propose:

```suggestion
| **Network Access Identifier** |  A public identifier addressing a subscription in a network, defined in [IETF RFC 7542](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc7542/). In 3GPP mobile networks it is one option for the General Public Subscriber Identifier (GPSI) formatted with the External Identifier ({Local Identifier}@{Domain Identifier}). Unlike the phone number, the network access identifier is not subjected to portability ruling in force, and is individually managed by each operator.| networkAccessIdentifier  |  |  |
```

| **Longitude** | | longitude |
| **accuracy** | | accuracy |
| **Location Verification result** | As value is a boolean, it matches better with an adjective. In future versions we may need to enhance current response model to give mor information about the verification process, for example to deal with partial matches. |locationVerified |
| **Telco Operator Edge site** | MEC Datacenter. Term for the documentation. |N/A|N/A |

> | **API Producer** | Software component, in the OP, that exposes the API. Term for the documentation. |N/A|N/A |

Reviewer: > **CAMARA partner,** on what the term in the first column is. **It is not,** in my understanding , an explanation **for the Developer**

Hi @FabrizioMoggio I strongly disagree on this. You might be right within a GSMA working group (but even there I would doubt that it wise to use abbreviations within a glossary), but here we are in open project where we should not create any barrier for people to raise their voices. Especially a glossary should allow people to get an entry into the discussion within our project. And we want to have voices from developers here ... that is one of the main purpose to have CAMARA as an open project.

> | **API Producer** | Software component, in the OP, that exposes the API. Term for the documentation. |N/A|N/A |

Author: @hdamker 

that is actually a very good and looking forward observation. I'm going to modify the text.

> | **API Producer** | Software component, inside the platform, that exposes the CAMARA API. Term for the documentation. |N/A|N/A |

Reviewer 2: Only Postman uses the term "API Producer". The more usual term is "API Provider". This term should at least be allowed as an alternative, if not adopted as the preferred terminology.

Author: It came to me out of habit because in 3GPP SA5 we define Management Service **Producers**. Just to be clear, we are not talking about the entity that exposes the API, e.g. Google, but about the software component generating/producing /providing :-) the API. I did some further research and both seems to me appropriate. 

We can put both. we just need to decide which is the main one  (the other is the alternative). I'm fine with any decision.

Author: @eric-murray I have introduced API Provider as alternative friendly name. Is this fine? can we merge?
